Add visual regression tests with playwright (#41)
spyder-ide/docrepr: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--
## Visual changes

If this PR has an impact on the outputs, you can ask the bot to update

> the references for the visual regression tests commenting the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this PR has an impact on the rendered output, you can ask the bot to
update the reference screenshots for the visual regression tests by
commenting the following:
```

Fix a few minor grammar/phrasing issues
